- [Instructor] In order to make the most out of this course,
here are a few things that you should know.
A fluency with the Java 1.8 language will be needed
because this course focuses on building microservices
with the Java programming language.
Secondly, you need to be very comfortable
with the microservices architecture
and all of its related concepts.
It would be good to have a strong foundation
of RESTful microservices
because gRPC is the next logical step
in the evolution of microservices development.
Also, a solid foundation of databases will be appreciated
because this course focuses more on the gRPC concepts
rather than the database concepts.